Null hypothesis: the average number of blue cars taken is not different that of the blue cars returned. 
Alternative hypothesis: the average number of blue cars taken is different that of the blue cars returned. 
This dataset was an autolib dataset that contained details about the operation of cars within Paris. It showed a compilation of dates when the blue cars were picked from and returned to the particular addresses. The claim being investigated was whether or not the average number or blue cars taken was different from the average number of blue cars returned during that period.
The interest of this hypothesis is crucial for the understanding of the data and its distribution.
The dataset I used for this investigation was an open dataset about cars in Paris. It contains variables like the postal code of the area which was Paris, the dates of data collection. The dates ranged between January and July of 2018. With also had the number of daily data points that were available for aggregation on the particular days of aggregation within the specified time periods. The days of the week were the usual Monday to Friday with the specifications and special assignments of days. Weekday or weekend the dataset had the specific days within the time period. The blue cars that were taken and returned, the utilib data and the slots set of data were also contained in the dataset. The problem under investigation was on the averages which would make the null and alternative hypotheses. 
It was a set of data that was already collected. However, if i were to collect such comprehensive data, i would use my data response team to go out in the field, collect the data and perform the analysis from which conclusions would later on be made. 
